DVCLive: Deprecate `live` section of `dvc.yaml`. (#3411)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/dvclive/api-reference/live/make_report.md

# Live.make_report()

Generates an HTML Report from the logged data.

```py
def make_report()
```

> #### Usage:

Reviewer: Hmmm I just realized all these Usage headers are H4. Shouldn't they be H2 or H3 maybe? Minor

Author: I copied the format from the DVC Python API reference (https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/blob/master/content/docs/api-reference/get_url.md)

Reviewer: Hmmm yeah they should all be H3 at most I think. I'll extract this... ⌛

```py
from dvclive import Live

live = Live()
live.log_plot("confusion_matrix", [0, 0, 1, 1], [1, 0, 0, 1])
live.make_report()
```

## Description

On each call, DVCLive will collect all the data logged in `{dir}`, generate an
HTML report and save it in `{dir}/report.html`.

![](/img/dvclive-html.gif)

<admon type="info">

This function gets automatically called on each `step` update, if

> `report="html"` was passed to `Live()`

Reviewer: > if `report="html"` was passed to `Live()`

But that's the default right? So you don't actually need to pass it.

Reviewer: Pending Q here ☝🏼

Author: Updated description

> `report=None` was passed to `Live()`

Reviewer: Again, isn't report = html the default? No need to pass it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function gets called internally on each `step` update by default
(unless `report` is passed to `Live()` with a value other than `"html"`).
```
